docs: observability Datadog integration (#1714)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/observability/integrations/datadog.asciidoc

---
title: Datadog
tab-tile: Datadog
order: 5
layout: page
---

= Datadog Integration

https://www.datadoghq.com/[Datadog] is a commercial service for collecting and viewing telemetry data.

The Datadog integration supports metrics and traces. Logging integration is currently limited to the Logback logging framework.

== Setup

=== Account Setup
Start by setting up a Datadog account. Open the https://www.datadoghq.com/[Datadog website] and click on `Free Trial`. Select the appropriate region for storing data, fill out the remaining details and follow the instructions.

> In order to complete the signup you *must* install one of their agents and have it send some data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to complete the sign-up process you *must* install one of their agents and have it send some data.
```

The agent is not required for the Vaadin Observability integration, and can be removed immediately afterwards.

> The last signup step provides instructions for installing the agent. An easy way to run the agent once is to use the Docker option, which allows to create a container, send some data, and then stop and remove the container immediately afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last sign-up step provides instructions for installing the agent. An easy way to run the agent once is to use the Docker option, which allows to create a container, send some data, and then stop and remove the container immediately afterwards.
```
